# manager
Free Methods ✅💰, [7/27/21, 10:21 AM] Requirements ✓usa no. ✓vpn ie. Snapvpn.(that changes ip) ✓Gmail account  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/27/21, 10:22 AM] STEPS  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/27/21, 10:22 AM] ✓Firstly make sure you have a real USA number (it is only from someone from USA u can get that from) because u need an OTP to activate it from the person.  After u have seen someone to give u a USA number. You signup with your Gmail account and password  ✓After Signing up you input the Zip code of the number you want i.e States e.g California or Texas  ✓After you input the Zip code,it shows you a list of USA number you can choose from according to your choice.  ✓After selecting your number,it shows you a menu where you have to input (The real USA number to verify your Google voice number that will be given to you)   ✓Make sure the person who gave you the number is online because you need an OTP from the person to verify it   ✓Once you verify it,with the OTP congratulations .you now have a fully working USA number for all purpose  ✓If you want to open any account like WhatsApp, Facebook, telegram and others,You can use the number to open it because you will be receiving your messages from the app  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/28/21, 8:35 AM] [😱 Sticker]  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/28/21, 8:36 AM] If you looking to open your own Anon bank drops for Dropping slips, Wire Transfers, Direct deposit, and (ACH) Bank Transfers, this is a guide you can follow:  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/28/21, 8:37 AM] Next,   Direct yourself to the Banking site of your choice.   For this guide, I went with Capital One 360 Account.  Once you're on the site and have opened the application for the 360 acct, start filling in the Fullz info  Leave EVERYTHING EXACTLY THE SAME except the Email, which you should change to one that you have access to.  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/28/21, 8:41 AM] Here's the correct fullz format that you'll need to use:   - NAME:  - ADDRESS:  - CITY:  - ZIP CODE:  - STATE ISSUED:  - D.O.B:  - SSN:  - MMN:  - DRIVERSLICENSE:   Some other details that may or may not be included  are the IP ADDRESS,CC,CREDIT REPORT.  Always do Background checks on your Fullz especially if you plan on using for opening A Bank Drop. Fullz also may come with CC but you can put it to the side if it was.  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/28/21, 8:41 AM] Unless the Fullz you have is in your current state where you are then you may be able to slide your drop address to receive the card in there  Some banks might ask if your mailing and home address are the same. Untick the box and enter you drop address there instead.   I suggest opening a free outlook.com or yandex.com email in Fullz name once you've filled in everything. The application will process you to a questions screen on the Fullz which if you took it upon yourself to do before hand, a  background check on the Fullz will greatly come in handy for this part of the process.   If you answer the questions atleast good enough to fool the system, your drop application should go through and direct you to a screen with your acct and routing # or a screen asking you how you will fund the acct.  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/28/21, 8:41 AM] Here's one thing to note on the Bank OpenUps and when applying for the Unemployment too:  Always use a computer and proxy same as state.   Banks can access your cookies and other stuff when you log on a device.  A vpn ain’t always strong enough  That’s why it’s better to use a computer.  Free Methods ✅💰, [7/31/21, 1:45 PM] 👊How to Register Chime Bank and getting VCC for fast cashout.  Free Methods ✅💰, [8/1/21, 10:11 AM] MOBILE DEPOSIT(MD) COMPLETE TUTORIAL✅  NOTE:  Here are the things required for you to do a Mobile Deposit(MD) loading  • A PC, Android or Iphone  • A Paid Vpn  • The Bank You Loading Mobile App  • A Cheque Sample  •The Drop details, including the online access.  ALL TOOLS AVAILABLE @MoneyMachine1O1
